# Agenda Meeting 7

* Location: TU Delft
* Date: 04.04.2023
* Time: 13:45 – 14:10
* Attendees:
    * Tudor-Stefan Magirescu
    * Lazar Polovina
    * Forfota Ioana
    * Ketterer Emilia
    * Smenovski Dimitar
    * Zhang Ziliang
    * Cristian Soare
* Chair: Ioana Forfota
* Minute Taker: Lazar Polovina
* TA: Cristian Soare

---

Agenda items:

|     |                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --------- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| | Opening by chair                                                                                                                                                 |
| 5 minutes | **Check-in** – How is everyone doing?                                                                                                                            | 
| | Approval of the agenda  - any additions?                                                                                                                         |
| | Approval of the minutes – did everyone read them?                                                                                                                |
| 10 minutes | **Multiboards, Admin, Card Details, Customization and Tags features**                                                                                            |
| | What did everyone work on last week?                                                                                                                             |
| | Are the issues of Sprint 3 completed?                                                                                                                            |
| | Showcasing a demo of the application                                                                                                                             |
| | Feedback from the TA                                                                                                                                             |
| 5 minutes | **Product Pitch**                                                                                                                                                |
| | Does anyone have questions regarding it?                                                                                                                         |
| | Is there something more to add to the script?                                                                                                                    |
| | Discuss general planning for meeting and the product pitch                                                                                                       |
| 5 minutes | **Feedback and Question round** - Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?<br/> - What went well and what do you think can still be improved? |
| | Closure                                                                                                                                                          |
