# Meeting Week 6

### Chair: Smenovski Dimitar 
### Minute Taker: Zhang Ziliang 
### TA: Cristian Soare
### Location: TU Delft
### Date: 21.03.2023
### Time: 13:45 - 14:30
### Attendees: 
* Lazar Polovina
* Forfota Ioana
* Ketterer Emilia
* Smenovski Dimitar
* Zhang Ziliang
* Cristian Soare


## Minimal Application feedback:
* The minimal application appears to be progressing normally and has completed most of the work.
* It still has some issues that need to be resolved.
* Do not work too much in any one week or a few weeks, there should be work every week.

## Git practices:
* The previous performance feedback has been uploaded and everyone can view it. 
* Some feedback includes: try to separate issues and branches so that everyone has a separate section. We need to have better management of issues to make it more efficient.
* We need to add issues for the next week in advance every week.
* Ensure timely updates on the progress and deadlines of issues.
we can use tasks instead of the check boxes in the description.

## Heuristic Usability Evaluation:
* We need to adhere to the ACM formatting template requirements specified in the course requirements."
* The drag and drop function needs to be better displayed within the image and text.
* Everyone needs to participate in the work on the Heuristic Usability Evaluation, and everyone should provide feedback and opinions on all images and functions.

## Sprint 2:
* First, we need to complete the minimal application. Then we need to focus on the multi-user and multi-boards part, with both the frontend and backend working together on this.
* New plan: Complete the minimal application by Wednesday this week. We will discuss our app's presentation document and evaluation in the Wednesday online meeting.
## Other Notes:
* Em - checkstyle - We need to pay attention to the warnings from checkstyle in our future work, such as naming, etc. We need to follow the practices in the CoC (Code of Conduct) to prevent too many warnings from causing checkstyle to fail.
* Ioana - test - Many codes are written by different people, and testing is a collaborative task that is difficult to accomplish alone. 
* TA - Test - Because this part is bonus, it is recommended not to focus on it as the current priority.
* Dimitar - The front-end and back-end need to communicate well and explain the code to each other to help everyone better understand our program.
* TA- gitlab - There are some suggestions for better use of issues. Some teams create all issues in advance, according to the user stories in the backlog. This approach allows them to have a better overview of the overall progress, and it is easier to improve the backlog and issues, making them more synchronized.
* TA- gitlab - Issues can be grouped according to sprints, such as sprint1 and sprint2, to define completion stages and deadlines. Sub-issues can be used to implement issues that multiple people complete simultaneously. In the same issue, each person has their own sub-issue, and after each person completes their sub-issue, it is merged into the main issue. This makes it easy for TA to check each person's current work status.


