# Meeting Week 8

### Chair: Ioana Forfota
### Minute Taker: Lazar Polovina
### TA: Cristian Soare
### Location: TU Delft
### Date: 04.04.2023
### Time: 13:45 - 14:05
### Attendees: 
* Lazar Polovina
* Forfota Ioana
* Ketterer Emilia
* Măgirescu Tudor
* Smenovski Dimitar
* Zhang Ziliang
* Cristian Soare


## Group Feedback on Sprint 3
* Every task is almost finished which is good.
Keep going like that, btw deadline is moved from Friday to Tuesday due to public holidays in the Netherlands!

## Current Application 
### TA Feedback
* Password should appear on the server console and be regenerated every time admin wants to authenticate himself as an admin. It would be  good if it is not hardcoded but randomly generated.
 * It's ok if we join to specific board using board name.
 * We should also rename join board button to something like join by, because user will then know what to type in the text box.





## Product Pitch
* You should stand during the presentation, it looks more profesional!
* Try to pretend that you are a businessman that wants to sell this product.

## Oral presentation
* With the TA and with one examinar (Otto, Sebastian, …)
* They will ask you questions about code base.

# Till next week
* Long polling - highest priority
* Keyboard shorcuts
* Tags



## Logistics Next Week
* Meeting will also be short, show the final app version and hear final feedback.

