# Meeting Week 7

### Chair: Tudor-Stefan Magirescu
### Minute Taker: Ketterer Emilia
### TA: Cristian Soare
### Location: TU Delft
### Date: 28.03.2023
### Time: 13:45 - 14:30
### Attendees: 
* Lazar Polovina
* Forfota Ioana
* Ketterer Emilia
* MÄƒgirescu Tudor
* Smenovski Dimitar
* Zhang Ziliang
* Cristian Soare


## Group Feedback on Sprint 2
* Everyone had quite a significant amount of work this week
* Organisation of time was not ideal since a lot of work was done during the last few days

## Current Application 
### TA Feedback
* Technically having users is not necessary but it's an okay implementation
* The current application looks good and appears to be almost done with minimal application and multiboard epics
* Prioritization of the epics is good
* There are only 10 more days left for coding, don't rush the features! Only getting to tags is fine, it's quality over quantity


### Code contribution: 
* If someone has contributed too little, they will be flagged and sent an email. It is unlikely anyone in the group gets flagged, but if someone does then plese text the TA for the reason! 
* At the end of every week everyone should ideally have 16% code contributions 
    * Current contributions are summarised in a piechart sent on Mattermost. They show everyones percentages of effective lines of code for last week and for the current code in main
    * Pretty well balanced currently
    * It is expected that everyone has at least 5-6% a week, aim for over 10%


## Heuristic Usability Evaluation Feedback
### Team Feedback
* It was very useful for planning the application, since there was some feedback we had not considered that will help make improvements
* Very happy with the mocks drawn in scene builder, which help visualise improvements and can be implemented quickly since scenes already exist

### TA Feedback
* The report is very good but there are some insufficients that need to be fixed
    * Need to specify the experts more explicitly 
    * Need to explicitly mention the observer that was physically overseeing the experts give us feedback
    * Make sure to specify that each person went through the app individually 
    * Talk to other team to see how we can reformulate these sections to pass
    * Each problem needs to be tied to a heuristic and a specific part of the application UI
* The prototype part is very good but quite long, consider cutting unnecessary parts by looking over rubric. This way, the problems could be listed more explicitly.
* The current grading is more strict than the actual grading will be

## Teamwork Self Reflection
* Word count stays the same for final and draft
* If the structure is followed, the situations make sense, and good effort was put into it then it will likely be a pass (pass/fail assignment)
* Should cover subjects from teamwork pdf and address some of the teamwork learning objectives from the studyguide
* Will be uploaded on Brightspace (there is no assignment yet)

## Product Pitch
* It is fine to just upload a script for the draft
* The script should include names of who says which parts (make sure its balanced)

## Sprint 3
### Team Feedback
* Maybe we should organise ourselves better, specifically splitting the work with as little depedencies as possible 
* Create issues for everything up to password protection
* We should split people over epics to have less depedencies

### TA Feedback
* Once minimal application and multiboards are done, the next epics are more lenient on prioritisation. Just make sure that: 
    1. the backlog is in order
    2. earlier epics are more complete than later ones at the end of the sprint 

## Logistics Next Week
* The meeting will only be 25 minutes, with everyone presenting what they did and then showing the TA a demo of the application
* There will be a lot of rubriks in the next week 
* Make sure to put in a lot of effort for the product pitch draft, since it will receive very detailed feedback
* If any problems arise with the process, please talk to TA
    * make sure to ask in time
    * look at Mattermost so that there is time to fix any issues we are told about

## Questions
* Regarding the admin: there should only be one login for the admin, making them an admin for the entire application
* Regarding the process: we should add labels for client, server and commons to classify our issues
* Regarding gitlab tasks: they should be added to issues, since they are an excellent way of keeping track of sub-issues, sub-branches, assignees and acceptance criteria. There's no need to go back and change past issues, but tasks should be used from now on.
