# Meeting Week 4

### Chair: Zhang Ziliang 
### Minute Taker: Dimitar Smenovski
### TA: Cristian Soare
### Location: TU Delft
### Date: 07.03.2023
### Time: 13:45 - 14:30
### Attendees: 
* Lazar Polovina
* Forfota Ioana
* Ketterer Emilia
* MÄƒgirescu Tudor
* Smenovski Dimitar
* Zhang Ziliang
* Cristian Soare


## Agenda feedback:
* 20 minutes is too much for showing a demo to the TA and discussing what each of us did during the previous week, maybe keep this to 5 or 10 minutes

## Backlog feedback:
* The ordering of the items by priority is not so good
* We should rethink the priority of some of the items, so that it more closely fits the official backlog
* The descriptions of the epics were too short in most places
* We have better acceptance criteria since the last meeting
* Overall, the quality of our backlog is deemed quiet good or sufficient
* We can find more specific feedback in the rubric
* We can keep using our backlog, but make sure to fix the issues like ordering before doing so

## Meaningful MR:
* Everyone needs to have some code contribution
* The MR is not considered meaningful without at least 10 comments
* Each one of us needs an individual MR, but doing one MR with 3 assignees 3 tasks is good
* Merge requests should be approved by Tuesday (before the meeting) at the latest, but doing so on Monday/Sunday is best

## Feedback on the application:
* We have a good starting point with the current drag and drop feature
* We should start working on the backend
* Each one of us need to have at least one endpoint ready by next week
* Ioana, Tudor and I (Dimitar) should work on the back-end, since we only worked on the front-end until now.
* It is not that important if the front-end has some bugs or inconsistencies as long as the back-end is fully operational
* We should start this week's sprint by implementing the scene for connecting to a server inside the application
* We also need to fix the reordering of cards inside lists when using drag and drop once we're done with things that have higher priority

## Git practices:
* We will get a coding contribution and git practices rubric next week
* Issues should only be closed if they are in main (after testing, reviewing, etc.)
* We should divide issues into tasks instead of making different issues everytime
* We can use tick-boxes inside the descriptions of issues to split it into smaller tasks
* The side-panel options for MR/issue should be used, including Assignee, Reviewer, Epic, Milestone, Weight, Label, etc.
* Create milestones and call them "sprint #", where # is the number of the current week's sprint
* We should focus on process every week, as having perfect process is much more preferred than implementing absolutely everything from the backlog
* We can add labels for doing/done instead of marking issues that are not in main as closed
* MRs can be made to link to an issue and it is recommended that they do
* Add comments, e.g. through the code editor, before approving an MR
* Commit messages should be written using a common pattern (like tense, wording, etc.)
* Try to commit/push as many times as possible during a sprint, but first make sure that doing so doesn't fail the pipeline
* Push docs to admin and merge to main directly, no need to have a new branch for every document
* If there are too many commits inside an MR, we can mention in the description which lines are relevant
* We can also fix the problem above by merging main with dev or vice-versa, depending on which one is falling behind in number of commits
* Try to assign equal weights to issues, ensuring that they are split properly and don't combine too many issues into one
* Merge dev and admin to main by Tuesday meeting, preferrably the days before

## Other notes:
* Start working on the Buddycheck, deadline is this Friday!
* Read the HCI assignment and try to have it finished by the draft deadline
* Have client-server communication in the application
* Start creating issues for the items that have highest priority today and begin working on them