# Meeting Week 3

### Chair: Ketterer Emilia 
### Minute Taker: Măgirescu Tudor
### TA: Cristian Soare
### Location: TU Delft
### Date: 28.02.2023
### Time: 13:45 - 14:30
### Attendees: 
* Lazar Polovina
* Forfota Ioana
* Ketterer Emilia
* Măgirescu Tudor
* Smenovski Dimitar
* Zhang Ziliang
* Cristian Soare

## Code of Conduct
### Team Feedback
* Team is satisfied with the current state of the CoC
* We should constantly update the document after we learn about new technologies
* Update the product section after we learn more about Spring Boot & Java FX
* Try to add more Checkstyle rules in case it will be necessary

### TA Feedback
* Dealing with conflicts should be added: try to have an agreement on how to descalate a situation; what to do in case a situation escalated and reached to the TA? 
* We properly updated the Product/Planning sections according to the TA feedback
* Assignment description: elaborate on the coding part (Spring Boot & Java FX)

## Backlog Feedback
* Well-written and according to the slides, meaning the user stories and acceptance criterias are great
* Instead of MUST/SHOULD/COULD, user stories should be grouped in epics ordered by priority (e.g Minimal App)
* There should be a description of epics at the beginning
* Mocks are great and offer a good idea of how to application should look like

## Agenda Feedback
* Everyone should tell what they did during the previous week. This should be added as a section to the meeting agenda
* One person should show a demo of functionality each week

## Git Feedback
* Agenda should be on main
* Merge requests are not necessary for non-code branches and should be tied to a feature
* Branches should be merged only at the end of a sprint
* Suggestion: version control could be used from Intellij
* Get rid of unnecessary branches
* dev branch: merge all features to this branch and at the end of the sprint we could merge dev to main
* Naming should be consistent

## Team Progress
* People started working on the Git Assignment & learning Spring Boot
* Most people managed to set up the environment

## Questions
* Auto-syncronization: not necessarily implemented with web sockets
* Customization: it's our choice if we want this to be shared among all users
* How to start working on the project: Start doing issues based on the backlog; First sprint should be a 'test' sprint, try to learn new things and see how the team performs
* We should work on our version of the backlog and update it if anything is missing

## Other Notes
* Chair gets feedback on the same week
* Note Taker gets feedback after a week